and preparing for their wedding TJ and
Joe discovered a ritual that spoke
equally to their schools a ritual to
find their pan and serve their lives
with love from the people to whom they
have been forever bound together in one
way or another we've all had a hand in
shaping these two beautiful men and
today we honor that great privilege by
helping them to bind their own hands and
preparation for their vows to love one
another but not to make a bond the first
quart at seven comes from Joe's family
of origin it is presented by his brother
Jim Claire
Joe will you cause cause Joe came when
you share each other's pain and seek to
eat and sew the binding
the second chord comes from PJ's family
of origin it is presented by his sister
and tell miss Clayton
PJ will you share chose laughter Joe
will you share PJs
we both of you look for the brightness
in life and the positive in each other
and so the binding is named
the third chord comes from childhood and
college friends with Joe and he was
presented by Kelly Boyd will you share
the burdens of each other so that your
spirits may grow anything
the fourth court comes from childhood
and college physics PJ just presented by
deco Conrad - AJ will you share Joe
screams I will Joe will you share PJ
stream will you dream together to create
new realities and hope
the fifth chord comes from the adult
friends and colleagues a joke is
presented by candy Joe will you cause PJ
anger PJ Williams general anger will you
take the heat of anger and use it to
temper the strength so the binding
the sixth chord comes from the adult
friends and colleagues and each wave is
presented by Blake tomorrow you say when
you honor Joe will Joe will you honor PJ
will you seek to never give cause to
break on it
John TJ by your marriage you are
ensuring that we all belong to both of
you yeah I your love you have bound
together your families and friends and
so I add this seventh and final chord on
behalf of the song the knots of this
binding are not formed by these chords
but by your vows either if you may drop
those courts for as you always have and
always will
controlled in your own hands for making
and breaking